now it happened when David and his men
now it happened when David and his men came to Ziklag on the third day that the
came to Ziklag on the third day that the
came to Ziklag on the third day that the Amalekites had invaded the south and
Amalekites had invaded the south and
Amalekites had invaded the south and Ziggler attacked Ziklag and burned it
Ziggler attacked Ziklag and burned it
Ziggler attacked Ziklag and burned it with fire and have taken captive the
with fire and have taken captive the
with fire and have taken captive the women and those who were there from
women and those who were there from
women and those who were there from small to great they did not kill anyone
small to great they did not kill anyone
small to great they did not kill anyone but carried them away and went their way
but carried them away and went their way
but carried them away and went their way so David and his men came to the city
so David and his men came to the city
so David and his men came to the city and there it was burned with fire and
and there it was burned with fire and
and there it was burned with fire and their wives their sons and their
their wives their sons and their
their wives their sons and their daughters had been taken captive and
daughters had been taken captive and
daughters had been taken captive and David and the people who are with him
David and the people who are with him
David and the people who are with him lifted up their voices and wept until
lifted up their voices and wept until
lifted up their voices and wept until they had no more power to weep and
they had no more power to weep and
they had no more power to weep and David's two wives a he know um the
David's two wives a he know um the
David's two wives a he know um the jezreelite s and Abigail the widow of
jezreelite s and Abigail the widow of
jezreelite s and Abigail the widow of Nabal the carmelite had been taken
Nabal the carmelite had been taken
Nabal the carmelite had been taken captive now david was greatly distressed
captive now david was greatly distressed
captive now david was greatly distressed for the people spoke of stoning him
for the people spoke of stoning him
for the people spoke of stoning him because the soul of all the people was
because the soul of all the people was
because the soul of all the people was grieved every man for his sons and his
grieved every man for his sons and his
grieved every man for his sons and his daughters but David strengthened himself
daughters but David strengthened himself
daughters but David strengthened himself in the Lord his God then David said to
in the Lord his God then David said to
in the Lord his God then David said to abaya the priest a him Alex son please
abaya the priest a him Alex son please
abaya the priest a him Alex son please bring the e-fit here to me and a by
bring the e-fit here to me and a by
bring the e-fit here to me and a by arthur brought the ephod to David so
arthur brought the ephod to David so
arthur brought the ephod to David so David inquired of the Lord shall I
David inquired of the Lord shall I
David inquired of the Lord shall I pursue this truth shall I overtake them
pursue this truth shall I overtake them
pursue this truth shall I overtake them pursue for you shall surely overtake
pursue for you shall surely overtake
pursue for you shall surely overtake them and without fail recover all so
them and without fail recover all so
them and without fail recover all so David went he and the 600 men who were
David went he and the 600 men who were
David went he and the 600 men who were with him and came to the Brook vessel
with him and came to the Brook vessel
with him and came to the Brook vessel where those stayed who were left behind
where those stayed who were left behind
where those stayed who were left behind but David pursued he and 400 men for 200
but David pursued he and 400 men for 200
but David pursued he and 400 men for 200 stay behind who was so weary that they
stay behind who was so weary that they
stay behind who was so weary that they could not cross the brook peaceful then
could not cross the brook peaceful then
could not cross the brook peaceful then they found an Egyptian in the field and
they found an Egyptian in the field and
they found an Egyptian in the field and brought him to David and they gave him
brought him to David and they gave him
brought him to David and they gave him bread and he ate and they let him drink
bread and he ate and they let him drink
bread and he ate and they let him drink water and they gave him a piece of a
water and they gave him a piece of a
water and they gave him a piece of a cake of figs and two clusters of raisins
cake of figs and two clusters of raisins
cake of figs and two clusters of raisins so when he had eaten his strength came
so when he had eaten his strength came
so when he had eaten his strength came back to him before he had eaten no bread
back to him before he had eaten no bread
back to him before he had eaten no bread nor drunk water for three days and three
nor drunk water for three days and three
nor drunk water for three days and three nights when David said to him to whom do
nights when David said to him to whom do
nights when David said to him to whom do you belong and where are you from I am a
you belong and where are you from I am a
you belong and where are you from I am a young man from Egypt servants of an
young man from Egypt servants of an
young man from Egypt servants of an Amalekite and my master left me behind
Amalekite and my master left me behind
Amalekite and my master left me behind because three days ago I fell sick
because three days ago I fell sick
because three days ago I fell sick we made an invasion of the southern area
we made an invasion of the southern area
we made an invasion of the southern area of the Karaites in the territory which
of the Karaites in the territory which
of the Karaites in the territory which belongs to Judah and of the southern
belongs to Judah and of the southern
belongs to Judah and of the southern area of Caleb and we burned Ziklag with
area of Caleb and we burned Ziklag with
area of Caleb and we burned Ziklag with fire can you take me down to this troop
fire can you take me down to this troop
fire can you take me down to this troop I swear to me by God that you would
I swear to me by God that you would
I swear to me by God that you would neither kill me nor deliver me into the
neither kill me nor deliver me into the
neither kill me nor deliver me into the hands of my master and I will take you
hands of my master and I will take you
hands of my master and I will take you down to this troop and when he had
down to this troop and when he had
down to this troop and when he had brought him down there they were spread
brought him down there they were spread
brought him down there they were spread out over all the land eating them
out over all the land eating them
out over all the land eating them drinking and dancing because of all the
drinking and dancing because of all the
drinking and dancing because of all the great spoil which they had taken from
great spoil which they had taken from
great spoil which they had taken from the land of the Philistines and from the
the land of the Philistines and from the
the land of the Philistines and from the land of Judah
the david attacked me from twilight
the david attacked me from twilight until the evening of the next day not a
until the evening of the next day not a
until the evening of the next day not a man from escaped except four hundred
man from escaped except four hundred
man from escaped except four hundred young men who rode on camels and fled so
young men who rode on camels and fled so
young men who rode on camels and fled so david recovered all that the Amalekites
david recovered all that the Amalekites
david recovered all that the Amalekites had carried away and david rescued his
had carried away and david rescued his
had carried away and david rescued his two wives and nothing of theirs was
two wives and nothing of theirs was
two wives and nothing of theirs was lacking by the small or great sons or
lacking by the small or great sons or
lacking by the small or great sons or daughters spoil or anything which they
daughters spoil or anything which they
daughters spoil or anything which they had taken from them david recovered all
and david took all the flocks and herds
and david took all the flocks and herds they had driven before those other
they had driven before those other
they had driven before those other livestock and said this is david spoiled
livestock and said this is david spoiled
livestock and said this is david spoiled now david came to the two hundred men
now david came to the two hundred men
now david came to the two hundred men who have been so weary that they could
who have been so weary that they could
who have been so weary that they could not follow david whom they also had made
not follow david whom they also had made
not follow david whom they also had made to stay at the brook BC so they went out
to stay at the brook BC so they went out
to stay at the brook BC so they went out to meet David and to meet the people who
to meet David and to meet the people who
to meet David and to meet the people who are with him
are with him
are with him and when David came near the people he
and when David came near the people he
and when David came near the people he greeted them then all the wicked and
greeted them then all the wicked and
greeted them then all the wicked and worthless man of those who went with
worthless man of those who went with
worthless man of those who went with David answered and said because they did
David answered and said because they did
David answered and said because they did not go with us we will not give them any
not go with us we will not give them any
not go with us we will not give them any of the spoil that we have recovered
of the spoil that we have recovered
of the spoil that we have recovered except for every man's wife and children
except for every man's wife and children
except for every man's wife and children that they may lead them away and depart
that they may lead them away and depart
that they may lead them away and depart my brethren you shall not do so with
my brethren you shall not do so with
my brethren you shall not do so with what the Lord has given us who has
what the Lord has given us who has
what the Lord has given us who has preserved us and delivered into our hand
preserved us and delivered into our hand
preserved us and delivered into our hand the troupe that came against us for who
the troupe that came against us for who
the troupe that came against us for who will heed you in this matter but as his
will heed you in this matter but as his
will heed you in this matter but as his part is who goes down to the battle so
part is who goes down to the battle so
part is who goes down to the battle so shall his part be who stays by the
shall his part be who stays by the
shall his part be who stays by the supplies they shall share alike so it
supplies they shall share alike so it
supplies they shall share alike so it was from that day forward he made it a
was from that day forward he made it a
was from that day forward he made it a statute and an ordinance for Israel to
statute and an ordinance for Israel to
statute and an ordinance for Israel to this day now when David came to Ziklag
this day now when David came to Ziklag
this day now when David came to Ziklag he sent some of the spoil to the elders
he sent some of the spoil to the elders
he sent some of the spoil to the elders of Judah to his friends saying here is a
of Judah to his friends saying here is a
of Judah to his friends saying here is a present for you from the spoil of the
present for you from the spoil of the
present for you from the spoil of the enemies of the Lord to those who were in
enemies of the Lord to those who were in
enemies of the Lord to those who were in Bethel those who were in ramoth of the
Bethel those who were in ramoth of the
Bethel those who were in ramoth of the south those who were in jetta those who
south those who were in jetta those who
south those who were in jetta those who were in a rower those who were in
were in a rower those who were in
were in a rower those who were in SIFMA's those who were in ishtam or
SIFMA's those who were in ishtam or
SIFMA's those who were in ishtam or those who were in rakel those who were
those who were in rakel those who were
those who were in rakel those who were in the cities of the jeremiah lights
in the cities of the jeremiah lights
in the cities of the jeremiah lights those who were in the cities of the
those who were in the cities of the
those who were in the cities of the Kenites those who were in homer those
Kenites those who were in homer those
Kenites those who were in homer those who were in koishi those who weigh in
who were in koishi those who weigh in
who were in koishi those who weigh in ethic those who were in Hebron and to
ethic those who were in Hebron and to
ethic those who were in Hebron and to all the places where David himself and
all the places where David himself and
all the places where David himself and his men were accustomed to Rove
his men were accustomed to Rove
his men were accustomed to Rove [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you